api-migrator bump. Update README.md (#8039)
kyma-project/kyma: components/api-gateway-migrator/README.md

The folder includes an example of a [complex API](./examples/invalid.for.migration.input.yaml) object that the migration tool does **not** migrate automatically.
You can still migrate such objects manually using complex regular expressions for paths. [Here](./examples/invalid.for.migration.output.yaml) you can see an example of a manually created APIRule that corresponds to a complex API.

## Important metadata

The migration process uses Labels and Annotations to describe the state of migrated objects.

> After the migration the following metadata is set on the migrated API object:
> - the Label: "migration/status" with a value: "migrated"
> - the Annotation: "migration/host" with an original value of `spec.hostname` of the API before migration
> 
> After the migration the following metadata is set on the created APIRule object:
> - the Label: "migratedFrom" with a value equal to the name of the migrated API
> - the Annotation: "targetHost" with an original value of `spec.hostname` of the API before migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the migration the following metadata is set on the migrated API object:

- The **migration/status**  label with the value `migrated`.
- The **migration/host** annotation with the original value of the API's **spec.hostname** parameter set before migration.

After the migration the following metadata is set on the created APIRule object:

- The **migratedFrom** label with the value equal to the name of the migrated API.
- The **targetHost** annotation with the original value of the API's **spec.hostname** parameter set before migration.
```

The folder includes an example of a [complex API](./examples/invalid.for.migration.input.yaml) object that the migration tool does **not** migrate automatically.
You can still migrate such objects manually using complex regular expressions for paths. [Here](./examples/invalid.for.migration.output.yaml) you can see an example of a manually created APIRule that corresponds to a complex API.

## Metadata

The migration process uses labels and annotations to describe the state of migrated objects.

> After the migration the following metadata is set on the migrated API object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the migration, the following metadata is set on the migrated API object:
```

- The **migration/status**  label with the value `migrated`.
- The **migration/host** annotation with the original value of the API's **spec.hostname** parameter set before migration.

> After the migration the following metadata is set on the created APIRule object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the migration, the following metadata is set on the created APIRule object:
```
